[ACCOUNT] New abuse handling process (#2762)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-console/account/how-to/resolve-abuse.mdx

  description: This page explains how to resolve Abuse tickets.
content:
  h1: How to resolve Dedibox abuse tickets and cases
  paragraph: This page explains how to resolve Abuse tickets.
tags: resolve abuse complaint ticket dedibox-console 
dates:
  validation: 2024-02-19
  posted: 2020-03-12
categories:
  - account
---

Abuses are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuse reports for the same issue on the same resource within a given time frame are grouped by case.
If you have been the subject of an abuse report, you are responsible for taking the appropriate security measures to solve the case. You must also prevent any further abuse from your resources to avoid your services being locked by Scaleway.
However, Scaleway reserves the right to immediately suspend the infringing services if it is deemed necessary, and proportionate to keep Scaleway’s network safe or to abide by legal requirements.

If you encounter any issue with the resolution of an abuse, ensure that you contact the abuse team by opening a [support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) directly from your console.

> <Message type="requirement">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
```

>   - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> </Message>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        * Backup all your server data
        * Check for recent file changes
        * Check log files on your server
        * Check your PHP and cgi files for any backdoors
        * Check if any software you use is vulnerable, and update them
        * Reinstall your server after backup
        * Change passwords of your server
        * Backup your website and your email data
        * Check for recent files changes, security holes in common CMS you may use (Joomla, SPIP, WordPress…)
        * Check version in some software you may use on your computer (email client, FTP client)
        * Change your FTP and email passwords
    If you do not know how to solve the problem, you can contact our [outsourcing partners(https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/outsourcing/)] or reach out to Scaleway’s abuse team by opening a ticket directly from your Scaleway console account.
4. The case will be closed at the end of its lifetime by Scaleway’s abuse team, and so will the abuse tickets forming the case.
   If you receive more abuse reports on the same resource within the case lifetime, it means that you did not take the appropriate measures to prevent further abuse from happening. 

>    Therefore, we recommend that you take additional actions and contact our support team if you need assistance. Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the locking of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Therefore, we recommend you take additional actions and contact our support team if you need assistance. Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the locking of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force. 
```

---
meta:

>   title: How to resolve Dedibox abuses and cases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  title: How to resolve Dedibox abuse tickets and cases
```

  description: This page explains how to resolve Abuse tickets.
content:

>   h1: How to resolve Dedibox abuses and cases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  h1: How to resolve Dedibox abuse tickets and cases
```

  paragraph: This page explains how to resolve Abuse tickets.
tags: resolve abuse complaint ticket dedibox-console 
dates:
  validation: 2024-02-19
  posted: 2020-03-12
categories:
  - account
---

> Abuse tickets are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway Dedibox services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuses for the same issue on the same resource within a given timeframe are grouped by case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Abuse tickets are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway Dedibox services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuse tickets for the same issue on the same resource within a given timeframe are grouped by case.
```

> Scaleway’s clients are responsible for taking the appropriate security measures in order to solve the case and prevent any further abuse from their resources in order to avoid the lock of their services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scaleway’s clients are responsible for taking the appropriate security measures in order to solve the case and prevent any further abuse from their resources in order to avoid the locking of their services.
```

However, Scaleway reserves the right to immediately suspend the infringing services if it is deemed necessary and proportionate to keep Scaleway’s network safe or to abide by legal requirements.

If you encounter any issue with the resolution of your abuses, please contact the abuse team by opening a [support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) directly from your console.

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net)
</Message>

> 1. Click your username, located next to “logged in as” in the top right corner of the Dedibox console. Then, select Abuses from the drop-down menu. A list of your abuse tickets and cases displays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click your username, located next to “logged in as” in the top right corner of the Dedibox console. Then, select **Abuses** from the drop-down menu. A list of your abuse tickets and cases displays.
```

> 2. Click Details to view the specifics of the complaint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click **Details** to view the specifics of the complaint.
```

3. Take note of the details provided and proceed with the necessary steps to address and resolve the issue.
    <Message type="tip">
      If you need guidance on resolving outgoing DDoS attacks from your server, refer to our documentation [how to prevent outgoing DDoS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/instances/reference-content/preventing-outgoing-ddos/) for assistance.
    </Message>

>     * In case you receive an abuse for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway’s infrastructure promptly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * In case you receive an abuse ticket for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway’s infrastructure promptly.
```

    * For other types of abuse, below are some suggestions to help you correct it:
      *  Backup all your server data
      *  Check for recent file changes
      *  Check log files on your server
      *  Check your PHP and cgi files for any backdoors
      *  Check if any software you use is vulnerable, and update them
      *  Reinstall your server after backup
      *  Change passwords of your server
      *  Backup your website and your email data
      *  Check for recent files changes, security holes in common CMS you may use (Joomla, SPIP, WordPress…)
      *  Check version in some software you may use on your computer (email client, FTP client)
      *  Change your FTP and email passwords

   If you still do not know how to correct the problem, you can contact our [outsourcing partners](https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/outsourcing/) or reach out to Scaleway’s abuse team by opening a ticket to the support directly from your console.

> 4. The case will be closed at the end of its lifetime by Scaleway’s abuse team, and so will the abuses forming the case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. The case will be closed at the end of its lifetime by Scaleway’s abuse team, and so will the abuse tickets forming the case.
```

>    In case you receive further abuses on the same resource within the case lifetime, it means that you did not take the appropriate measures to prevent further abuse from happening.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you receive further abuse tickets for the same resource within the case lifetime, it means that you did not take the appropriate measures to prevent further abuse from happening.
```

   Therefore, please take additional actions and contact our support team if you need assistance.

>    Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the lock of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the locking of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force.
```

   <Message type="note">

>      If you consider that you have taken all the appropriate measures but still receive new abuses within a case, please reach out immediately to the abuse team by opening a ticket. The team will then assess the measures you have taken and guide you to take new measures if needed in order to prevent the lock of your resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     If you consider that you have taken all the appropriate measures but still receive new abuse tickets within a case, please reach out immediately to the abuse team by opening a ticket. The team will then assess the measures you have taken and guide you to take new measures if needed in order to prevent the locking of your resource.
```

   </Message>

In specific instances, the case will be closed automatically:

> * abuses submitted by Scaleway’s abuse partners may be closed automatically after the automated lock of your service if several complaints are received within the same case or if Scaleway considers that the type of abuse reported requires the immediate lock of your service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* abuse tickets submitted by Scaleway’s abuse partners may be closed automatically after the automated locking of your service if several complaints are received within the same case or if Scaleway considers that the type of abuse reported requires the immediate locking of your service.
```
